the hardware structure of the project is almost done and soon will be uploaded with connection details.
the two way acrylic mirror is assembled in the frame, thenm adding the strip of wood at the bottom of the frame to support.
after this, mounting is done. Depending on our install location  we need to run some sort of power to the mirror.
Software will be initiated this week 
the coding will be done in C and libraries will be uploaded soon as we are still working on some hardware structure for the home automation.
Put your SD-card in the computer and write down the letter (in my case [D:\]). Download Rasbian from raspberrypi.org/downloads. When the ZIP-file is extracted you need Win32 Disk Imager. You can download it at sourceforge.net/projects/win32diskimager/. Install and start it. Klick on the folder icon and browse to the folder where you have the Raspbian files. Make sure that the destination is the SD-card (in my case D:)
As you can see in the "Win32"-image, I'm using Raspbian Jessie.
When the write is successful, you just take the SD-card and put it in your Raspberry. Connect to the computer screen, add a mouse and keyboard, and start it.
In my case, I came directly to the desktop on start. To make the right configurations you need to open the terminal and enter "sudo raspi-config". In there, you are going to do three different things. First, "expand filesystem". Second, choose "Boot Options" and then choose to boot to 
Desctop GUI with the "pi" user. And third, choose "Internationalisation Options" and change to you own timeszone.
updating wifi web servers and screen rotations.
We usually want our mirror to be higher rather then wider, so therefore we will rotate the screen!
Screen rotation is really simple! Just type "cd /boot" and then "sudo nano config.txt". Now, we are in a textfile.  then add "display_rotate=1" in a new line. This will rotate your screen 90 degrees.
If you have a Raspberry Pi model B, then you should start scrolling up and look for the line "hdmi_force_hotplug=1" and uncomment that. I don't think this is necessary for a Raspberry Pi 2.
Save and exit. The screen will be rotated when you restart the Raspberry. 
In my case, I used "display_rotate=3", since my screen had two USB-ports on the side it would be standing on otherwise. This will rotate the screen 90 degrees in the other direction.
